Stylus cargo stylus (#1846)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/stylus/using-stylus-cli.mdx

| [Debug Stylus transactions](https://docs.arbitrum.io/stylus/how-tos/debug-stylus-transactions)     | A guide to debugging transactions, helping you identify and fix issues. Gain insights into your Stylus contracts by debugging transactions. |
| [Verify contracts](https://docs.arbitrum.io/stylus/how-tos/verify-contracts)                       | Ensure that your Stylus contracts are correctly verified. Step-by-step instructions on how to verify your contracts using `cargo-stylus`.   |
|[Run a Stylus dev node](https://docs.arbitrum.io/run-arbitrum-node/run-local-dev-node)             | Learn how to run a local Arbitrum dev node to test your Stylus contracts.                                                                    |

#### Additional resources

#### [Troubleshooting](https://docs.arbitrum.io/stylus/troubleshooting-building-stylus): solve the most common issues.

#### [cargo-stylus repository](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/stylus): consult cargo stylus' source code. 

> This overview page serves as the starting point for mastering the CLI tools available for Stylus development. From optimizing your contracts to debugging and verifying them, the `cargo-stylus` toolset is integral to a smooth development experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think this would go on top / consolidate with the intro section of this page.

---
id: using-stylus-cli
title: 'Using Stylus CLI'
description: 'Get started with Stylus CLI, a Rust toolkit for developing Stylus contracts'
author: 'anegg0'
sme: 'anegg0'
sidebar_position: 2
target_audience: Developers writing Stylus contracts in Rust using Stylus
---

This guide will get you started using [cargo stylus](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/cargo-stylus), a CLI toolkit to help developers manage, compile, and optimize their Stylus contracts efficiently.

> This overview is meant to help discover cargo stylus' tools and learn to use them effectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This overview will help you discover and learn how to uses cargo stylus tools.
```

### Installing cargo stylus

> Cargo stylus is available as a plugin to the standard cargo tool used for developing Rust programs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cargo stylus is a plugin to the standard cargo tool for developing Rust programs.
```

#### Prerequisites

<details>
<summary>Rust toolchain</summary>

> Follow the instructions on [Rust Lang's installation page](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) to install a complete Rust toolchain (v1.81 or older, v1.82 is currently not supported) on your system. After installation, ensure you can access the programs `rustup`, `rustc`, and `cargo` from your preferred terminal application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions on [Rust Lang's installation page](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) to install a complete Rust toolchain (v1.81 or older; v1.82 is currently not supported) on your system. After installation, ensure you can access the programs `rustup`, `rustc`, and `cargo` from your preferred terminal application.
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>VS Code</summary>

We recommend [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) as the IDE of choice for its excellent Rust support, but feel free to use another text editor or IDE if you're comfortable with those.

Some helpful VS Code extensions for Rust development:

- [rust-analyzer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rust-lang.rust-analyzer): Provides advanced features like smart code completion and on-the-fly error checks
- [Error Lens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=usernamehw.errorlens): Immediately highlights errors and warnings in your code
- [Even Better TOML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tamasfe.even-better-toml): Improves syntax highlighting and other features for TOML files, often used in Rust projects
- [Dependi](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fill-labs.dependi): Helps manage Rust crate versions directly from the editor

 </details>

<details>
<summary>Docker</summary>

> The testnode we will use as well as some `cargo stylus` commands require Docker to operate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will use the testnet, and some `cargo stylus` commands will require Docker to operate.
```

You can download Docker from [Docker's website](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop).

</details>

<details>
<summary>Foundry's Cast</summary>

[Foundry's Cast](https://book.getfoundry.sh/cast/) is a command-line tool that allows you to interact with your EVM contracts.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Nitro devnode</summary>

> Stylus is available on Arbitrum Sepolia, but we'll use nitro devnode which has a pre-funded wallet saving us the effort of wallet provisioning or running out of tokens to send transactions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stylus is available on Arbitrum Sepolia, but we'll use nitro devnode, which has a pre-funded wallet, saving us the effort of wallet provisioning or running out of tokens to send transactions.
```

```shell title="Install your devnode"
git clone https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro-devnode.git
cd nitro-devnode
```

```shell title="Launch your devnode"
./run-dev-node.sh
```

</details>

#### Installation

In your terminal, run:

```shell
cargo install --force cargo-stylus
```

Add WASM ([WebAssembly](https://webassembly.org/)) as a build target for the specific Rust toolchain you are using. The below example sets your default Rust toolchain to 1.80 as well as adding the WASM build target:

```shell
rustup default 1.80
rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown --toolchain 1.80
```

> You can verify that cargo stylus is installed by running `cargo stylus -V` in your terminal, returning something like:`stylus 0.5.6`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can verify the cargo stylus installation by running `cargo stylus -V` in your terminal, returning something like:`stylus 0.5.6`
```
